# Design Diary
	One of the major struggles I had with this assignment was wrapping my head around what I had to do. Starting things has always been a struggle of mine so not having clear, step by step directions for something I was unfamiliar with was very confusing and made me extremely nervous. I understood that the end goal was to have a fully functional text editor but how to go about it was a complete mystery. After the first lab, I looked over the resources given to us but couldn’t find anything I could use immediately because I didn’t understand how to use the extensive list of functions (or what direction I wanted to go towards). 
	
	It was really challenging diving into a library I hadn’t used before, too. The function names were new and their individual functions and parameters were unfamiliar to me. It made me look for tutorials and guides online, but in the back of my head, I wasn’t sure how far I could follow a tutorial or code off of somewhere like StackFlow or YouTube. After reassurance from my peers and Adam after the check-in, I was more comfortable using some code from a tutorial and customizing it (knowing not to just copy and paste someone else’s idea). 
	
	I want to make a reminder for myself that it’s just the start of the project so the work I’ve done thus far is good, and that people work at different speeds. There’s this gnawing feeling that I’m not putting enough effort into the project, but going to office hours and talking to other students helped me feel less stressed and nervous about the assignment as a whole. 
	
	On the flipside, I’m really enjoying the assignment even though I can get a little too nervous before check-ins. I think I get really nervous before check-ins because of the rate I’m working and the strong feeling that I’m underperforming, but I’m planning to ease the nervousness by utilizing the project tab on github to my advantage. I enjoy planning and breaking things down to more tangible goals, so the to-do, in-progress, and done tabs help a lot. The small wins that occur when you move an in-progress note to done is a nice piece of motivation that I believe helped me overcome my initial struggle of not knowing what to do. I also added a fourth column to my projects tab to remember what I want my text editor to have and do, all in one place. When I’m feeling lost during the process of making my text editor, I can refer to that column to get back on track. 
